# SkipKey
Crypto notes:
1) Encrypt-and-MAC: The ciphertext is generated by encrypting the plaintext and then appending a MAC of the plaintext. This is approximately how SSH works.
2) MAC-then-encrypt: The ciphertext is generated by appending a MAC to the plaintext and then encrypting everything. This is approximately how SSL works.
3) Encrypt-then-MAC: The ciphertext is generated by encrypting the plaintext and then appending a MAC of the encrypted plaintext. This is approximately how IPSEC works. (https://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-06-24-encrypt-then-mac.html)

Use cryptography from https://cryptography.io
Use Scrypt for the The scrypt Password-Based Key Derivation Function from https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7914.html

SkipKey configuration infos:
- get_application_config for config location
- user_data_dir where the application can use to store additional data

Controller:
    The app uses a ScreenManager to present screens. 
    Every screen is its the root container and manages its inputs.
    initialization can be done in the following events eventhough you can't interrupt the process
    on_pre_enter()
    on_enter()
    on_pre_leave()
    on_leave()
	
App:
	on_start()
	on_stop()
	on_pause()
	on_resume()

root:
	TagSpinner - The root element of a widget TagSpinner is itself
	LoginPopup - itself
	EditTagPopup - itself
	Buttons on AutoPanel - AutoPanel
	Buttons on a screen - the same screen
	
Drop file: C:\Users\franco\Anaconda3\Lib\site-packages\kivy\examples\miscellaneous>python multiple_dropfile.py
See this: C:\Users\franco\Anaconda3\Lib\site-packages\kivy\examples\demo\showcase>

pynput
This library allows you to control and monitor input devices. - For filling automatically user-password fields

gettext — Multilingual internationalization services

Pyperclip is a cross-platform Python module for copy and paste clipboard functions. It works with Python 2 and 3.